Propagate filtered shapes Documentation (#8181)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/enterprise/shapes-converter.md

| ---------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Select action**                        | Drop-down list with available actions: <br><li>**Remove filtered shapes** - removes all shapes in alignment with the set-up filter. Doesn't work with tracks.</li><li>**Propagate shapes** - propagates all the filtered shapes from the current frame to the target frame.</li><li>**Shapes converter: masks to polygons** - converts all masks to polygons.</li><li>**Shapes converter: masks to rectangles** - converts all masks to rectangles in alignment with the set-up filter.</li><li>**Shapes converter: polygon to masks** - converts all polygons to masks.</li><li>**Shapes converter: polygon to rectangles** - converts all polygons to rectangles.</li><li>**Shapes converter: rectangles to masks** - converts all rectangles to masks.</li><li>**Shapes converter: rectangles to polygons** - converts all rectangles to polygons.</li><br>**Note:** only **Propagate shapes** and **Remove filtered shapes** is available on the **Free** plan. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Select action**                        | Drop-down list with available actions: <br><li>**Remove filtered shapes** - removes all shapes in alignment with the set-up filter. Doesn't work with tracks.</li><li>**Propagate shapes** - propagates all the filtered shapes from the current frame to the target frame.</li><li>**Shapes converter: masks to polygons** - converts all masks to polygons.</li><li>**Shapes converter: masks to rectangles** - converts all masks to rectangles in alignment with the set-up filter.</li><li>**Shapes converter: polygon to masks** - converts all polygons to masks.</li><li>**Shapes converter: polygon to rectangles** - converts all polygons to rectangles.</li><li>**Shapes converter: rectangles to masks** - converts all rectangles to masks.</li><li>**Shapes converter: rectangles to polygons** - converts all rectangles to polygons.</li><br>**Note:** only **Propagate shapes** and **Remove filtered shapes** is available in the community version. |
```
